Good afternoon, dear submarine hunters
in this video plot we will talk to you
about a premium suit in marlin ears
prestige
This costume is the main advantage
which in my opinion is very
elastic neoprene
as you know, what they took stich by some
he better adapt to the figure
an underwater hunter that is better
sticks accordingly warms better
further the suit has 3d camouflage under
seaweed
Here it looks like this way to me
like in a suit very few seams like
it is known that the less words the brighter
a suit breast pad is also made
3d
element that is , we have a simple
armithex and gain and then convex
arno test gain all gone then
very beautiful high quality seams very
very high quality ie seams
you almost don't feel like they are here
in this way
the costume helmet is sewn
the suit has an anatomical cut bobry
the tail is made of very elastic
stretching the material that is for what
it's good when we take off the costume we
Russia world tail and superimposed
good toughness so as not to burst
let's say cold water wait for protein
in this way it looks like this
us a jacket and she has two clips also
on a suit
in the area of ​​the elbows there is a scent of this and
anti abrasion reinforcement
that last to the end of the hands and on the hands
we have
obturation is also stitched here
I did the obturation itself which
It goes more just as you do not know what
better fit your hand that on and off
we are made with lyamochkami lyamochkami
also stitched here so as not to peel off
not right here amiss April kneecaps
very big
go to the end of the legs made of material
rmat with also highlighted
this format with thicker 3d camouflage
and here we kept the drawing part
3d camouflage elements
the suit has an anatomical cut
here we see how our knees are bent
human natural position knees
curved and kneeling we have
special items that help
underwater hunter but when moving
like bending your knees more elastic
perform these movements so as not to
hold down hunter movements exactly
is this element made and
on elbows more precisely under elbows
suit is recommended especially in the cold
time of year when costume requirements
very very demanding and how good
great suit look suit
premium segment